# Tourism website

the projects was plan react with [tourism-assignmrnt-11](https://tourism-tour-assignment-11.web.app/)
##### projects use {react , firebase hosting ,node.js ,express ,mongodb ,react router,react hook form , heroku }
### About the Website detals 
My projects is Tour bd (happy traveling).. and added the  tour projects .
Our programing tour  in 8th danamic tourCard in offers.. Our tour bd (happy traveling ) website 

### abouts Home and nav ber detals 

Our servise  is er programing language language tour wrbsite  .
this website is learning online  .

***Header and Navber is detals click the nav show output service item etc 
** navber first is  logo ..
** scound is  Name 'Our Programing  '
** home is after name ..  home is full website in the world ..
** About is help the  creativity ..
** servise is fasality is 9th learning book ..4
** contact is the pepole is our  numberaaaaaaaaaa
              
### project file about
My projects service file is website show in navbar in click service now .. its website name is 'Tour bd (happy travel)  '..
*** file app.js is main file project in our  .
** other file is in the project in her added app.js router folder
** this folder is now router.. in the outher folder added 
**footer is added last vew in social site link adedd.





### Build Your App
Now that you understand the cause of this problem, you can easily fix it. First of all, ensure that your repository has GitHub Pages activated. Now add the following line to your package.json file.

"homepage" : "https://{your_github_username}.github.io/{app-name}"

# {your_github_username} - Your GitHub username
# {app-name} - Name of your application
json
Now run the command below to generate an optimized bundle for production.
yarn run build
		OR
npm run build
bash
In your project root, notice that Create-React-App generates a new folder called build. This folder is what contains the browser-friendly version of your app. Go ahead and explore the folder to get a better understanding.
### Deploy
You've finally generated your app but it still has not been deployed yet. Remember the build folder generated by Create-React-App? That folder is what is needed in your repository. With the help of the GitHub Pages package, you can easily deploy the build folder without any trouble. Run the following command in your terminal to install the package.

yarn add gh-pages

	OR

npm install --save gh-pages
bash
Once the GitHub Pages packages completes installation successfully, your production build has to be pushed to your repository. To do that easily, run the following command in your terminal.

gh-pages -b master -d build

# -b : Branch
# -d : Directory
bash
And voila! Your app should be up and running via the URL you provided as the value of the homepage property in your package.json file, thus https://{your_github_username}.github.io/{app-name}. Go ahead and check it out in your browser.




